fix(python): Clarify which Celery signals work and explain Celery + Django setup (#5339)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/celery/index.mdx

Generally, make sure that the **call to `init` is loaded on worker startup**, and not only in the module where your tasks are defined. Otherwise, the initialization happens too late and events might end up not being reported.

> ## Standalone setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Standalone Setup
```

> If you are using Celery standalone, there are a couple of ways to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Celery standalone, there are a two ways to set this up:
```

> * initializing the SDK in the configuration file loaded with Celery's `--config` parameter
> * initializing the SDK by hooking it to either the [`celeryd_init`](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/userguide/signals.html?#celeryd-init) or [`worker_init`](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/userguide/signals.html?#worker-init) signals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Initializing the SDK in the configuration file loaded with Celery's `--config` parameter
* Initializing the SDK by hooking it to either the [`celeryd_init`](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/userguide/signals.html?#celeryd-init) or [`worker_init`](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/userguide/signals.html?#worker-init) signals
```

    ```python
    import sentry_sdk
    from celery import Celery, signals

    app = Celery("myapp")

    #@signals.worker_init.connect
    @signals.celeryd_init.connect
    def init_sentry(**_kwargs):
        sentry_sdk.init(dsn="...")
    ```

> ## Setup with Django

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup With Django
```

> If you are using Celery with Django in a conventional setup and have already initialized the SDK in [your `settings.py` file](/platforms/python/guides/django/#configure), and have Celery using the same settings with [`config_from_object`](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/django/first-steps-with-django.html), you don't need to initialize the SDK separately for Celery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Celery with Django in a conventional setup, have already initialized the SDK in [your `settings.py` file](/platforms/python/guides/django/#configure), and have Celery using the same settings with [`config_from_object`](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/django/first-steps-with-django.html), you don't need to initialize the SDK separately for Celery.
```

Author: programming for too long completely destroys your grammar >.< 
thanks
